---
title: "2021-07-30"
---

[5 Mantras to Calm Your Anxious Mind]()
-  Related to: [mh](moc/mental-health.md)
- "I am not my thoughts"
- “Just because it feels bad doesn’t mean it is bad”
- “Less but better”
- “In gentleness, strength”
-  “Focus on the person, not the problem”


[Mental Illness Isn’t Selfish—You Don’t Fix It with Life Hacks](https://jessicalexicus.medium.com/mental-illness-isnt-selfish-and-you-don-t-cure-it-with-life-hacks-d0955259e233)
- Related to: [mh](moc/mental-health.md)
- There’s a myth out there about severe mental illness, that you can beat it with a little positive thinking and a few life hacks.
- In fact, I would call this myth toxic. It trivializes the pain and suffering undergone by people with debilitating disorders. It leads to shaming and victim blaming, and I see it all the time.
- The self-help industry has preyed on the sick and poor for decades. They’re running out of tricks. Healthy, intelligent people aren’t buying life hacks anymore. So now the gurus are rebranding themselves. In the midst of a pandemic, we’re in a deep mental health crisis. As we struggle with grief and anxiety, they’re looking for new customers. That’s pretty callous, if you ask me. Someone with a mental illness doesn’t need to be called selfish. They don’t need to be called spoiled or entitled.

[The Reason Why A Lot Of Our Projects Go Unfinished](https://medium.com/the-post-grad-survival-guide/how-to-finish-your-projects-e96bddd553d7)
- Related to: [productivity](moc/productivity.md)
- Yes the feeling you get from going from 0 to 1 is amazing. Yes going from 1 to 2 isn’t as great. But ending up at 10 by increasing ever so slightly over 6 months, looking back and realising you’re half way up the mountain — That feels ecstatic.

[Need for Closure - IResearchNet](http://psychology.iresearchnet.com/social-psychology/personality/need-for-closure/)
- Related to: [psycho](moc/psychology.md)
- Situations that may trigger need for closure include those in which failing to decide has harmful consequences, as well as situations in which the act of thinking about or working on the task is unpleasant.
- Consequences
	- One consequence of need for closure is urgency, or the desire to come to an answer quickly.
	- A second consequence of need for closure is permanence, or the tendency to stick to an answer.

[What does it mean to decolonize design?](https://eyeondesign.aiga.org/what-does-it-mean-to-decolonize-design/)
- Related to: [decolonizing-design](notes/arts/decolonizing-design)
- “Colonization” is rooted in indigenous peoples’ experiences of oppression—specifically, the seizure of native resources, as well as the embedding of Western ideology into society
- The work designers make is inspired by taste, and taste is often derived from what we’re exposed to during our upbringing.
- The authority of the canon has undermined the work produced by non-Western cultures and those from poorer background
- Classifying traditional craft as different from modern design deems the histories and practices of design from many cultures inferior.
- We should aim to eliminate the false distinctions between craft and design, in order to recognize all culturally important forms of making
- “When Western conventions are centred in design, this means that anything else is seen as ‘different.’
- Our reliance on western culture inhibits our ability to incorporate other standards.
- ... decoloniality is about reimagining something beyond the current system we exist in rethinking the needs of the audience you’re designing for
- Accept that social constituencies (not clients but constituencies) have made a choice that should be respected instead of ridiculed […] Challenge yourself to dismantle what the (Ivy League?) man has told you is ugly, uncouth, primitive, savage.”
- But there are certain situations where we cannot begin to identify with the lived experiences of the audience we need to communicate with.
- For far too long, designers have remained married to the concept that what we do is neutral, universal, that politics has no place in design,” says Abdulla. Yet the choices we make as designers are intrinsically political