---
title: "2021-07-31"
---

Found old highlights from by iBooks when I synced it to Readwise!

[7 Cups for the Searching Soul | The 7 Cups Community](https://www.7cups.com/7cups-for-the-searching-soul/)
- "People in the advanced groups are not supposed to have problems. Sadly, this approach keeps many people in a place of quiet suffering. They feel alone in their private pain. This unwillingness to let others in - whether it be from fear, shame, or pain - is what keeps folks in denial and in this zombie-like minds."
- "Many people in our advanced societies experience a similar type of zombie-like feeling. And, like the Ancorans, when we try to escape from pain and fear, we really only make it worse. But it is hard to admit this and reach out for help. There are a lot of social pressures against asking for help."
- "If you are ashamed of admitting that you have problems, then you cannot ask for help. If you cannot ask for help, then you cannot receive help. Without receiving real help, you may find it hard to genuinely help other people."
- "Relating to others is also a process we learn consciously that eventually becomes unconscious."


[Ikigai by Hector Garcia](notes/sources/books/ikigai.md)
- "We don’t create the meaning of our life, as Sartre claimed—we discover it. We each have a unique reason for being, which can be adjusted or transformed many times over the years." [pondering](notes/por/pondering.md)
	- "Just as worry often brings about precisely the thing that was feared, excessive attention to a desire (or “hyper-intention”) can keep that desire from being fulfilled."

[The Daily Stoic](notes/sources/books/the-daily-stoic.md)
- [Your career is not a life sentence](notes/career/life-sentence.md)
- We must not get so wrapped up in our work that we think we’re immune from the reality of aging and life. Who wants to be the person who can never let go? Is there so little meaning in your life that your only pursuit is work until you’re eventually carted off in a coffin? Take pride in your work. But it is not all.
  